[CI:DOCS] Add more information and examples on podman and pipes (#8962)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-run.1.md

input of the container. This can be used, for example, to run a throwaway
interactive shell. The default is **false**.

> **NOTE**: The --tty flag prevents redirection of standard output (combines STDOUT and STDERR, can insert control characters, can hang pipes. It should only be used when run interactivley in a terminal. When feeding input to Podman, use -i only, not -it.

Reviewer: missing an end paren,  Maybe?
```suggestion
**NOTE**: The --tty flag prevents redirection of standard output.  It combines STDOUT and STDERR, it can insert control characters, and it can hang pipes. This option should only be used when run interactively in a terminal. When feeding input to Podman, use -i only, not -it.
```

input of the container. This can be used, for example, to run a throwaway
interactive shell. The default is **false**.

**NOTE**: The **-t** option is incompatible with a redirection of the Podman client standard input.

```
Use
echo "asdf" | podman run --rm -i someimage /bin/cat
Versus

> echo "asdf" | podman run --rm -it someimage /bin/cat

Reviewer 2: Both sample commands have equal visual prominence, making it hard for my eye to figure out which is the correct one. I'm a fan of "show what to do, and hide the taboos". Could I suggest something like:

...incompatible with a redirection of the Podman client standard input. That is, when feeding input to podman, use `-i` only, not `-it`:
```
    $ echo asdf | podman run --rm -i someimage /bin/cat
```

$ podman run -it --blkio-weight-device "/dev/sda:200" ubuntu
```

> ### Using a podman container from within a piped command

Reviewer 2: I'm not entirely sure this title reflects the intention. I find it hard to parse. Maybe "Using a podman container *with input from a pipe*"? Or "Piping command output to a podman container"?
